Initial work on DIF recommendation process (#53)
decentralized-identity/did-methods: dif-endorsed/README.md

# DIF-endorsed DID Methods

> This page describes a process for DID methods to achieve a status of "DIF-endorsed DID Method", which is

Reviewer: I propose a softer term for what this describes, e.g.:

- "DIF-qualified DID Method"
- "DIF-reviewed DID Method"
- "DIF-verified DID Method"
- "DIF-compliant DID Method"

Author: Great, thanks for these suggestions. I think it's important to agree on what we should call this. So let's discuss on the next call (tomorrow)!

Reviewer 2: +1 to "DIF-reviewed" or "DIF-vetted" as terms rather than recommended.

> intended to be a label for DID methods that are considered ready for widespread adoption and production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intended to be a label for DID methods that comply with DIF's published evaluation criteria and have passed the review process
```

| `did:webvh`         | [Current Stable v0.5](https://identity.foundation/didwebvh/)                                                    | yes                                    | [yes](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-methods/blob/main/method-proposals/PROPOSAL-did-webvh.md)   | no                                                                                                                                  | yes                                     | yes                          | 0                                                                                                               | ?                                         | ?                             | ?                           | **no**                       |

(1) Use alphabetical order.

> (2) Must be some kind of final version, include link to specification.

Reviewer 3: For the `last updated <date>` items, it would be good to link to a similarly datestamped version of the document.

(3) See https://www.w3.org/TR/did-extensions-methods/.

(4) Include link to proposal file at https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-methods/tree/main/method-proposals.

(5) Include link to W3C test suite data at https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/tree/main/packages/did-core-test-server/suites/implementations.

(6) See https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver.

(7) See https://identity.foundation/did-traits/.

> (8) Include link to meeting recording/notes, e.g. at https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-methods/blob/main/AGENDA.md. Deep

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(8) Include link to meeting recording/notes, e.g., at https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-methods/blob/main/AGENDA.md. Deep
```
